d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2012-2013\Laborator\Laborator 4\resurse\Design Pattern Framework 2.0 CS\Patterns In Action\WindowsSOAClient\bin\Debug\WindowsSOAClient.exe.config
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2012-2013\Laborator\Laborator 4\resurse\Design Pattern Framework 2.0 CS\Patterns In Action\WindowsSOAClient\bin\Debug\WindowsSOAClient.exe
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2012-2013\Laborator\Laborator 4\resurse\Design Pattern Framework 2.0 CS\Patterns In Action\WindowsSOAClient\bin\Debug\WindowsSOAClient.pdb
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2012-2013\Laborator\Laborator 4\resurse\Design Pattern Framework 2.0 CS\Patterns In Action\WindowsSOAClient\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2012-2013\Laborator\Laborator 4\resurse\Design Pattern Framework 2.0 CS\Patterns In Action\WindowsSOAClient\obj\Debug\WindowsSOAClient.FormAbout.resources
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2012-2013\Laborator\Laborator 4\resurse\Design Pattern Framework 2.0 CS\Patterns In Action\WindowsSOAClient\obj\Debug\WindowsSOAClient.FormCustomer.resources
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2012-2013\Laborator\Laborator 4\resurse\Design Pattern Framework 2.0 CS\Patterns In Action\WindowsSOAClient\obj\Debug\WindowsSOAClient.FormLogin.resources
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2012-2013\Laborator\Laborator 4\resurse\Design Pattern Framework 2.0 CS\Patterns In Action\WindowsSOAClient\obj\Debug\WindowsSOAClient.FormMain.resources
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2012-2013\Laborator\Laborator 4\resurse\Design Pattern Framework 2.0 CS\Patterns In Action\WindowsSOAClient\obj\Debug\WindowsSOAClient.FormUrl.resources
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2012-2013\Laborator\Laborator 4\resurse\Design Pattern Framework 2.0 CS\Patterns In Action\WindowsSOAClient\obj\Debug\WindowsSOAClient.Properties.Resources.resources
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2012-2013\Laborator\Laborator 4\resurse\Design Pattern Framework 2.0 CS\Patterns In Action\WindowsSOAClient\obj\Debug\GenerateResource-ResGen.read.1.tlog
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2012-2013\Laborator\Laborator 4\resurse\Design Pattern Framework 2.0 CS\Patterns In Action\WindowsSOAClient\obj\Debug\GenerateResource-ResGen.write.1.tlog
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2012-2013\Laborator\Laborator 4\resurse\Design Pattern Framework 2.0 CS\Patterns In Action\WindowsSOAClient\obj\Debug\WindowsSOAClient.exe
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2012-2013\Laborator\Laborator 4\resurse\Design Pattern Framework 2.0 CS\Patterns In Action\WindowsSOAClient\obj\Debug\WindowsSOAClient.pdb
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2012-2013\Laborator\Laborator 4\resurse\Design Pattern Framework 2.0 CS\Patterns In Action\WindowsSOAClient\bin\Debug\WindowsSOAClient.XML
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2023-2024\Laborator\Laborator 3\resurse\Design Pattern Framework 2.0 CS\Patterns In Action\WindowsSOAClient\bin\Debug\WindowsSOAClient.exe.config
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2023-2024\Laborator\Laborator 3\resurse\Design Pattern Framework 2.0 CS\Patterns In Action\WindowsSOAClient\bin\Debug\WindowsSOAClient.XML
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2023-2024\Laborator\Laborator 3\resurse\Design Pattern Framework 2.0 CS\Patterns In Action\WindowsSOAClient\bin\Debug\WindowsSOAClient.exe
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2023-2024\Laborator\Laborator 3\resurse\Design Pattern Framework 2.0 CS\Patterns In Action\WindowsSOAClient\bin\Debug\WindowsSOAClient.pdb
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2023-2024\Laborator\Laborator 3\resurse\Design Pattern Framework 2.0 CS\Patterns In Action\WindowsSOAClient\obj\Debug\WindowsSOAClient.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2023-2024\Laborator\Laborator 3\resurse\Design Pattern Framework 2.0 CS\Patterns In Action\WindowsSOAClient\obj\Debug\WindowsSOAClient.FormAbout.resources
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2023-2024\Laborator\Laborator 3\resurse\Design Pattern Framework 2.0 CS\Patterns In Action\WindowsSOAClient\obj\Debug\WindowsSOAClient.FormCustomer.resources
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2023-2024\Laborator\Laborator 3\resurse\Design Pattern Framework 2.0 CS\Patterns In Action\WindowsSOAClient\obj\Debug\WindowsSOAClient.FormLogin.resources
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2023-2024\Laborator\Laborator 3\resurse\Design Pattern Framework 2.0 CS\Patterns In Action\WindowsSOAClient\obj\Debug\WindowsSOAClient.FormMain.resources
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2023-2024\Laborator\Laborator 3\resurse\Design Pattern Framework 2.0 CS\Patterns In Action\WindowsSOAClient\obj\Debug\WindowsSOAClient.FormUrl.resources
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2023-2024\Laborator\Laborator 3\resurse\Design Pattern Framework 2.0 CS\Patterns In Action\WindowsSOAClient\obj\Debug\WindowsSOAClient.Properties.Resources.resources
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2023-2024\Laborator\Laborator 3\resurse\Design Pattern Framework 2.0 CS\Patterns In Action\WindowsSOAClient\obj\Debug\WindowsSOAClient.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2023-2024\Laborator\Laborator 3\resurse\Design Pattern Framework 2.0 CS\Patterns In Action\WindowsSOAClient\obj\Debug\WindowsSOAClient.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2023-2024\Laborator\Laborator 3\resurse\Design Pattern Framework 2.0 CS\Patterns In Action\WindowsSOAClient\obj\Debug\WindowsSOAClient.exe
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2023-2024\Laborator\Laborator 3\resurse\Design Pattern Framework 2.0 CS\Patterns In Action\WindowsSOAClient\obj\Debug\WindowsSOAClient.pdb
