d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2012-2013\Laborator\Laborator 4\resurse\Design Pattern Framework 2.0 CS\Patterns In Action\Facade\bin\Debug\Facade.XML
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2012-2013\Laborator\Laborator 4\resurse\Design Pattern Framework 2.0 CS\Patterns In Action\Facade\bin\Debug\Facade.dll
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2012-2013\Laborator\Laborator 4\resurse\Design Pattern Framework 2.0 CS\Patterns In Action\Facade\bin\Debug\Facade.pdb
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2012-2013\Laborator\Laborator 4\resurse\Design Pattern Framework 2.0 CS\Patterns In Action\Facade\bin\Debug\BusinessObjects.dll
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2012-2013\Laborator\Laborator 4\resurse\Design Pattern Framework 2.0 CS\Patterns In Action\Facade\bin\Debug\DataObjects.dll
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2012-2013\Laborator\Laborator 4\resurse\Design Pattern Framework 2.0 CS\Patterns In Action\Facade\bin\Debug\Transactions.dll
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2012-2013\Laborator\Laborator 4\resurse\Design Pattern Framework 2.0 CS\Patterns In Action\Facade\bin\Debug\BusinessObjects.pdb
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2012-2013\Laborator\Laborator 4\resurse\Design Pattern Framework 2.0 CS\Patterns In Action\Facade\bin\Debug\BusinessObjects.xml
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2012-2013\Laborator\Laborator 4\resurse\Design Pattern Framework 2.0 CS\Patterns In Action\Facade\bin\Debug\DataObjects.pdb
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2012-2013\Laborator\Laborator 4\resurse\Design Pattern Framework 2.0 CS\Patterns In Action\Facade\bin\Debug\DataObjects.xml
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2012-2013\Laborator\Laborator 4\resurse\Design Pattern Framework 2.0 CS\Patterns In Action\Facade\bin\Debug\Transactions.pdb
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2012-2013\Laborator\Laborator 4\resurse\Design Pattern Framework 2.0 CS\Patterns In Action\Facade\bin\Debug\Transactions.xml
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2012-2013\Laborator\Laborator 4\resurse\Design Pattern Framework 2.0 CS\Patterns In Action\Facade\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2012-2013\Laborator\Laborator 4\resurse\Design Pattern Framework 2.0 CS\Patterns In Action\Facade\obj\Debug\Facade.dll
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2012-2013\Laborator\Laborator 4\resurse\Design Pattern Framework 2.0 CS\Patterns In Action\Facade\obj\Debug\Facade.pdb
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2023-2024\Laborator\Laborator 3\resurse\Design Pattern Framework 2.0 CS\Patterns In Action\Facade\bin\Debug\Facade.XML
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2023-2024\Laborator\Laborator 3\resurse\Design Pattern Framework 2.0 CS\Patterns In Action\Facade\bin\Debug\Facade.dll
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2023-2024\Laborator\Laborator 3\resurse\Design Pattern Framework 2.0 CS\Patterns In Action\Facade\bin\Debug\Facade.pdb
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2023-2024\Laborator\Laborator 3\resurse\Design Pattern Framework 2.0 CS\Patterns In Action\Facade\bin\Debug\BusinessObjects.dll
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2023-2024\Laborator\Laborator 3\resurse\Design Pattern Framework 2.0 CS\Patterns In Action\Facade\bin\Debug\DataObjects.dll
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2023-2024\Laborator\Laborator 3\resurse\Design Pattern Framework 2.0 CS\Patterns In Action\Facade\bin\Debug\Transactions.dll
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2023-2024\Laborator\Laborator 3\resurse\Design Pattern Framework 2.0 CS\Patterns In Action\Facade\bin\Debug\BusinessObjects.pdb
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2023-2024\Laborator\Laborator 3\resurse\Design Pattern Framework 2.0 CS\Patterns In Action\Facade\bin\Debug\BusinessObjects.xml
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2023-2024\Laborator\Laborator 3\resurse\Design Pattern Framework 2.0 CS\Patterns In Action\Facade\bin\Debug\DataObjects.pdb
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2023-2024\Laborator\Laborator 3\resurse\Design Pattern Framework 2.0 CS\Patterns In Action\Facade\bin\Debug\DataObjects.xml
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2023-2024\Laborator\Laborator 3\resurse\Design Pattern Framework 2.0 CS\Patterns In Action\Facade\bin\Debug\Transactions.pdb
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2023-2024\Laborator\Laborator 3\resurse\Design Pattern Framework 2.0 CS\Patterns In Action\Facade\bin\Debug\Transactions.xml
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2023-2024\Laborator\Laborator 3\resurse\Design Pattern Framework 2.0 CS\Patterns In Action\Facade\obj\Debug\Facade.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2023-2024\Laborator\Laborator 3\resurse\Design Pattern Framework 2.0 CS\Patterns In Action\Facade\obj\Debug\Facade.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2023-2024\Laborator\Laborator 3\resurse\Design Pattern Framework 2.0 CS\Patterns In Action\Facade\obj\Debug\Facade.csproj.CopyComplete
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2023-2024\Laborator\Laborator 3\resurse\Design Pattern Framework 2.0 CS\Patterns In Action\Facade\obj\Debug\Facade.dll
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2023-2024\Laborator\Laborator 3\resurse\Design Pattern Framework 2.0 CS\Patterns In Action\Facade\obj\Debug\Facade.pdb
