d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2010-2011\Laborator\Laborator 6\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2010-2011\Laborator\Laborator 6\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\obj\x86\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.Form1.resources
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2010-2011\Laborator\Laborator 6\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\obj\x86\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.Properties.Resources.resources
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2010-2011\Laborator\Laborator 6\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2010-2011\Laborator\Laborator 6\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2010-2011\Laborator\Laborator 6\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.exe.config
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2010-2011\Laborator\Laborator 6\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.exe
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2010-2011\Laborator\Laborator 6\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.pdb
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2010-2011\Laborator\Laborator 6\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\obj\x86\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.exe
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2010-2011\Laborator\Laborator 6\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\obj\x86\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.pdb
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2010-2011\Laborator\Laborator 6\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.Common.dll
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2010-2011\Laborator\Laborator 6\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.Data.dll
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2010-2011\Laborator\Laborator 6\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2010-2011\Laborator\Laborator 6\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2010-2011\Laborator\Laborator 6\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Interception.dll
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2010-2011\Laborator\Laborator 6\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.Common.pdb
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2010-2011\Laborator\Laborator 6\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.Common.xml
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2010-2011\Laborator\Laborator 6\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.Data.pdb
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2010-2011\Laborator\Laborator 6\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.Data.xml
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2010-2011\Laborator\Laborator 6\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.pdb
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2010-2011\Laborator\Laborator 6\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2010-2011\Laborator\Laborator 6\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Interception.pdb
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2011-2012\Laborator\Laborator 6\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.exe.config
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2011-2012\Laborator\Laborator 6\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\obj\x86\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.exe
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2011-2012\Laborator\Laborator 6\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\obj\x86\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.pdb
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2011-2012\Laborator\Laborator 6\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.exe
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2011-2012\Laborator\Laborator 6\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.pdb
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2011-2012\Laborator\Laborator 6\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.Common.dll
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2011-2012\Laborator\Laborator 6\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.Data.dll
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2011-2012\Laborator\Laborator 6\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2011-2012\Laborator\Laborator 6\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2011-2012\Laborator\Laborator 6\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Interception.dll
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2011-2012\Laborator\Laborator 6\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.Common.pdb
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2011-2012\Laborator\Laborator 6\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.Common.xml
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2011-2012\Laborator\Laborator 6\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.Data.pdb
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2011-2012\Laborator\Laborator 6\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.Data.xml
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2011-2012\Laborator\Laborator 6\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.pdb
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2011-2012\Laborator\Laborator 6\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2011-2012\Laborator\Laborator 6\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Interception.pdb
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2011-2012\Laborator\Laborator 6\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2011-2012\Laborator\Laborator 6\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\obj\x86\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.Form1.resources
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2011-2012\Laborator\Laborator 6\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\obj\x86\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.Properties.Resources.resources
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2011-2012\Laborator\Laborator 6\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2011-2012\Laborator\Laborator 6\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2012-2013\Laborator\Laborator 5\5.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.exe.config
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2012-2013\Laborator\Laborator 5\5.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\obj\x86\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.exe
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2012-2013\Laborator\Laborator 5\5.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\obj\x86\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.pdb
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2012-2013\Laborator\Laborator 5\5.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.exe
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2012-2013\Laborator\Laborator 5\5.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.pdb
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2012-2013\Laborator\Laborator 5\5.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.Common.dll
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2012-2013\Laborator\Laborator 5\5.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.Data.dll
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2012-2013\Laborator\Laborator 5\5.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2012-2013\Laborator\Laborator 5\5.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2012-2013\Laborator\Laborator 5\5.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Interception.dll
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2012-2013\Laborator\Laborator 5\5.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.Common.pdb
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2012-2013\Laborator\Laborator 5\5.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.Common.xml
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2012-2013\Laborator\Laborator 5\5.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.Data.pdb
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2012-2013\Laborator\Laborator 5\5.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.Data.xml
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2012-2013\Laborator\Laborator 5\5.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.pdb
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2012-2013\Laborator\Laborator 5\5.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2012-2013\Laborator\Laborator 5\5.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Interception.pdb
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2012-2013\Laborator\Laborator 5\5.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2012-2013\Laborator\Laborator 5\5.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\obj\x86\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.Form1.resources
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2012-2013\Laborator\Laborator 5\5.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\obj\x86\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.Properties.Resources.resources
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2012-2013\Laborator\Laborator 5\5.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2012-2013\Laborator\Laborator 5\5.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2013-2014\Laborator\Laborator 5\5.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.exe.config
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2013-2014\Laborator\Laborator 5\5.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\obj\x86\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.exe
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2013-2014\Laborator\Laborator 5\5.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\obj\x86\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.pdb
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2013-2014\Laborator\Laborator 5\5.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.exe
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2013-2014\Laborator\Laborator 5\5.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.pdb
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2013-2014\Laborator\Laborator 5\5.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.Common.dll
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2013-2014\Laborator\Laborator 5\5.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.Data.dll
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2013-2014\Laborator\Laborator 5\5.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2013-2014\Laborator\Laborator 5\5.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2013-2014\Laborator\Laborator 5\5.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Interception.dll
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2013-2014\Laborator\Laborator 5\5.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.Common.pdb
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2013-2014\Laborator\Laborator 5\5.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.Common.xml
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2013-2014\Laborator\Laborator 5\5.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.Data.pdb
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2013-2014\Laborator\Laborator 5\5.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.Data.xml
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2013-2014\Laborator\Laborator 5\5.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.pdb
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2013-2014\Laborator\Laborator 5\5.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2013-2014\Laborator\Laborator 5\5.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Interception.pdb
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2013-2014\Laborator\Laborator 5\5.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\obj\x86\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2013-2014\Laborator\Laborator 5\5.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\obj\x86\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.Form1.resources
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2013-2014\Laborator\Laborator 5\5.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\obj\x86\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.Properties.Resources.resources
d:\Work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2013-2014\Laborator\Laborator 5\5.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\obj\x86\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2014-2015\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.exe.config
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2014-2015\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\obj\x86\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.exe
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2014-2015\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\obj\x86\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.pdb
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2014-2015\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\obj\x86\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.Form1.resources
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2014-2015\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\obj\x86\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.Properties.Resources.resources
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2014-2015\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\obj\x86\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2014-2015\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.exe
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2014-2015\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.pdb
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2014-2015\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.Common.xml
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2014-2015\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.Data.xml
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2014-2015\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.Common.dll
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2014-2015\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.Data.dll
D:\Temp\delme\asse\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.exe.config
D:\Temp\delme\asse\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\obj\x86\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.exe
D:\Temp\delme\asse\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\obj\x86\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.pdb
D:\Temp\delme\asse\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.exe
D:\Temp\delme\asse\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.pdb
D:\Temp\delme\asse\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.Common.dll
D:\Temp\delme\asse\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.Data.dll
D:\Temp\delme\asse\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.Common.xml
D:\Temp\delme\asse\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.Data.xml
D:\Temp\delme\asse\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\obj\x86\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Temp\delme\asse\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\obj\x86\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.Form1.resources
D:\Temp\delme\asse\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\obj\x86\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.Properties.Resources.resources
D:\Temp\delme\asse\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\obj\x86\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2015-2016\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.exe.config
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2015-2016\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\obj\x86\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.exe
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2015-2016\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\obj\x86\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.pdb
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2016-2017\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.exe.config
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2016-2017\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\obj\x86\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.exe
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2016-2017\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\obj\x86\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.pdb
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2017-2018\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.exe.config
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2017-2018\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.exe
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2017-2018\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.pdb
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2017-2018\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.Common.dll
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2017-2018\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.Data.dll
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2017-2018\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.Common.xml
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2017-2018\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.Data.xml
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2017-2018\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\obj\x86\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2017-2018\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\obj\x86\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.Form1.resources
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2017-2018\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\obj\x86\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.Properties.Resources.resources
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2017-2018\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\obj\x86\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2017-2018\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\obj\x86\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2017-2018\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\obj\x86\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.exe
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2017-2018\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\obj\x86\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.pdb
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2018-2019\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.exe.config
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2018-2019\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.exe
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2018-2019\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.pdb
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2018-2019\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.Common.dll
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2018-2019\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.Data.dll
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2018-2019\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.Common.xml
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2018-2019\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.Data.xml
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2018-2019\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\obj\x86\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2018-2019\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\obj\x86\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.Form1.resources
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2018-2019\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\obj\x86\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.Properties.Resources.resources
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2018-2019\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\obj\x86\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2018-2019\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\obj\x86\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2018-2019\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\obj\x86\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.csproj.CopyComplete
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2018-2019\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\obj\x86\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.exe
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2018-2019\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\obj\x86\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.pdb
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2020-2021\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.exe.config
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2020-2021\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.exe
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2020-2021\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.pdb
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2020-2021\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.Common.dll
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2020-2021\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.Data.dll
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2020-2021\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.Common.xml
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2020-2021\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.Data.xml
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2020-2021\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\obj\x86\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.Form1.resources
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2020-2021\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\obj\x86\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.Properties.Resources.resources
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2020-2021\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\obj\x86\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2020-2021\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\obj\x86\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2020-2021\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\obj\x86\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.csproj.CopyComplete
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2020-2021\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\obj\x86\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.exe
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2020-2021\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\obj\x86\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.pdb
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2021-2022\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.exe.config
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2021-2022\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.exe
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2021-2022\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.pdb
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2021-2022\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.Common.dll
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2021-2022\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.Data.dll
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2021-2022\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.Common.xml
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2021-2022\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.Data.xml
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2021-2022\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\obj\x86\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2021-2022\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\obj\x86\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.Form1.resources
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2021-2022\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\obj\x86\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.Properties.Resources.resources
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2021-2022\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\obj\x86\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2021-2022\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\obj\x86\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2021-2022\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\obj\x86\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.exe
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2021-2022\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\obj\x86\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.pdb
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2022-2023\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.exe.config
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2022-2023\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.exe
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2022-2023\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.pdb
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2022-2023\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.Common.dll
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2022-2023\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.Data.dll
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2022-2023\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.Common.xml
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2022-2023\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.Data.xml
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2022-2023\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\obj\x86\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2022-2023\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\obj\x86\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.csproj.SuggestedBindingRedirects.cache
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2022-2023\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\obj\x86\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.Form1.resources
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2022-2023\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\obj\x86\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.Properties.Resources.resources
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2022-2023\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\obj\x86\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2022-2023\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\obj\x86\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2022-2023\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\obj\x86\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.csproj.CopyComplete
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2022-2023\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\obj\x86\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.exe
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2022-2023\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\obj\x86\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.pdb
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2023-2024\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.exe.config
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2023-2024\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.exe
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2023-2024\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.pdb
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2023-2024\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.Common.dll
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2023-2024\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.Data.dll
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2023-2024\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.Common.xml
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2023-2024\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.Data.xml
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2023-2024\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\obj\x86\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2023-2024\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\obj\x86\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.Form1.resources
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2023-2024\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\obj\x86\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.Properties.Resources.resources
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2023-2024\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\obj\x86\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2023-2024\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\obj\x86\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2023-2024\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\obj\x86\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.csproj.CopyComplete
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2023-2024\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\obj\x86\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.exe
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2023-2024\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.2\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock\obj\x86\Debug\DemoDataAccessApplicationBlock.pdb
