d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2020-2021\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\bin\Debug\RepositoryPattern.exe.config
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2020-2021\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\bin\Debug\RepositoryPattern.exe
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2020-2021\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\bin\Debug\RepositoryPattern.pdb
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2020-2021\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2020-2021\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2020-2021\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\bin\Debug\FluentValidation.dll
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2020-2021\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\bin\Debug\Ninject.dll
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2020-2021\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2020-2021\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2020-2021\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\bin\Debug\FluentValidation.pdb
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2020-2021\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\bin\Debug\FluentValidation.xml
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2020-2021\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\bin\Debug\Ninject.xml
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2020-2021\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\bin\Debug\cs\FluentValidation.resources.dll
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2020-2021\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\bin\Debug\da\FluentValidation.resources.dll
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2020-2021\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\bin\Debug\de\FluentValidation.resources.dll
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2020-2021\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\bin\Debug\es\FluentValidation.resources.dll
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2020-2021\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\bin\Debug\fa\FluentValidation.resources.dll
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2020-2021\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\bin\Debug\fi\FluentValidation.resources.dll
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2020-2021\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\bin\Debug\fr\FluentValidation.resources.dll
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2020-2021\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\bin\Debug\it\FluentValidation.resources.dll
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2020-2021\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\bin\Debug\ko\FluentValidation.resources.dll
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2020-2021\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\bin\Debug\mk\FluentValidation.resources.dll
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2020-2021\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\bin\Debug\nl\FluentValidation.resources.dll
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2020-2021\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\bin\Debug\pl\FluentValidation.resources.dll
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2020-2021\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\bin\Debug\pt\FluentValidation.resources.dll
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2020-2021\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\bin\Debug\ru\FluentValidation.resources.dll
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2020-2021\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\bin\Debug\sv\FluentValidation.resources.dll
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2020-2021\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\bin\Debug\tr\FluentValidation.resources.dll
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2020-2021\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\bin\Debug\zh-CN\FluentValidation.resources.dll
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2020-2021\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\obj\Debug\RepositoryPattern.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2020-2021\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\obj\Debug\RepositoryPattern.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2020-2021\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\obj\Debug\RepositoryPattern.csproj.CopyComplete
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2020-2021\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\obj\Debug\RepositoryPattern.exe
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2020-2021\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\obj\Debug\RepositoryPattern.pdb
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2021-2022\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\bin\Debug\RepositoryPattern.exe.config
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2021-2022\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\bin\Debug\RepositoryPattern.exe
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2021-2022\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\bin\Debug\RepositoryPattern.pdb
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2021-2022\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2021-2022\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2021-2022\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\bin\Debug\FluentValidation.dll
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2021-2022\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\bin\Debug\Ninject.dll
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2021-2022\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2021-2022\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2021-2022\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\bin\Debug\FluentValidation.pdb
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2021-2022\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\bin\Debug\FluentValidation.xml
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2021-2022\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\bin\Debug\Ninject.xml
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2021-2022\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\bin\Debug\cs\FluentValidation.resources.dll
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2021-2022\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\bin\Debug\da\FluentValidation.resources.dll
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2021-2022\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\bin\Debug\de\FluentValidation.resources.dll
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2021-2022\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\bin\Debug\es\FluentValidation.resources.dll
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2021-2022\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\bin\Debug\fa\FluentValidation.resources.dll
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2021-2022\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\bin\Debug\fi\FluentValidation.resources.dll
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2021-2022\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\bin\Debug\fr\FluentValidation.resources.dll
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2021-2022\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\bin\Debug\it\FluentValidation.resources.dll
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2021-2022\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\bin\Debug\ko\FluentValidation.resources.dll
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2021-2022\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\bin\Debug\mk\FluentValidation.resources.dll
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2021-2022\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\bin\Debug\nl\FluentValidation.resources.dll
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2021-2022\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\bin\Debug\pl\FluentValidation.resources.dll
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2021-2022\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\bin\Debug\pt\FluentValidation.resources.dll
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2021-2022\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\bin\Debug\ru\FluentValidation.resources.dll
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2021-2022\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\bin\Debug\sv\FluentValidation.resources.dll
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2021-2022\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\bin\Debug\tr\FluentValidation.resources.dll
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2021-2022\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\bin\Debug\zh-CN\FluentValidation.resources.dll
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2021-2022\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\obj\Debug\RepositoryPattern.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2021-2022\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\obj\Debug\RepositoryPattern.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2021-2022\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\obj\Debug\RepositoryPattern.csproj.CopyComplete
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2021-2022\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\obj\Debug\RepositoryPattern.exe
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2021-2022\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\obj\Debug\RepositoryPattern.pdb
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2022-2023\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\bin\Debug\RepositoryPattern.exe.config
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2022-2023\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\bin\Debug\RepositoryPattern.exe
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2022-2023\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\bin\Debug\RepositoryPattern.pdb
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2022-2023\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2022-2023\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2022-2023\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\bin\Debug\FluentValidation.dll
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2022-2023\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\bin\Debug\Ninject.dll
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2022-2023\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.dll
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2022-2023\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2022-2023\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2022-2023\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2022-2023\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\bin\Debug\FluentValidation.xml
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2022-2023\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\bin\Debug\Ninject.xml
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2022-2023\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.xml
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2022-2023\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2022-2023\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\obj\Debug\RepositoryPattern.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2022-2023\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\obj\Debug\RepositoryPattern.csproj.SuggestedBindingRedirects.cache
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2022-2023\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\obj\Debug\RepositoryPattern.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2022-2023\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\obj\Debug\RepositoryPattern.csproj.CopyComplete
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2022-2023\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\obj\Debug\RepositoryPattern.exe
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2022-2023\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\obj\Debug\RepositoryPattern.pdb
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2023-2024\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\bin\Debug\RepositoryPattern.exe.config
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2023-2024\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\bin\Debug\RepositoryPattern.exe
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2023-2024\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\bin\Debug\RepositoryPattern.pdb
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2023-2024\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2023-2024\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2023-2024\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\bin\Debug\FluentValidation.dll
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2023-2024\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\bin\Debug\Ninject.dll
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2023-2024\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.dll
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2023-2024\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2023-2024\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2023-2024\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2023-2024\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\bin\Debug\FluentValidation.xml
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2023-2024\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\bin\Debug\Ninject.xml
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2023-2024\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.xml
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2023-2024\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2023-2024\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\obj\Debug\RepositoryPattern.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2023-2024\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\obj\Debug\RepositoryPattern.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2023-2024\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\obj\Debug\RepositoryPattern.csproj.CopyComplete
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2023-2024\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\obj\Debug\RepositoryPattern.exe
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2023-2024\Laborator\Laborator 7\RepositoryPattern(2)\RepositoryPattern\RepositoryPattern\obj\Debug\RepositoryPattern.pdb
