d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2014-2015\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.1\cod\1.DemoValidationCustomer\UnitTestProjectCustomer\bin\Debug\UnitTestProjectCustomer.dll
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2014-2015\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.1\cod\1.DemoValidationCustomer\UnitTestProjectCustomer\bin\Debug\UnitTestProjectCustomer.pdb
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2014-2015\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.1\cod\1.DemoValidationCustomer\UnitTestProjectCustomer\bin\Debug\1.DemoValidationCustomer.exe
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2014-2015\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.1\cod\1.DemoValidationCustomer\UnitTestProjectCustomer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.Common.dll
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2014-2015\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.1\cod\1.DemoValidationCustomer\UnitTestProjectCustomer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.Validation.dll
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2014-2015\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.1\cod\1.DemoValidationCustomer\UnitTestProjectCustomer\bin\Debug\1.DemoValidationCustomer.pdb
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2014-2015\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.1\cod\1.DemoValidationCustomer\UnitTestProjectCustomer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.Common.xml
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2014-2015\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.1\cod\1.DemoValidationCustomer\UnitTestProjectCustomer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.Validation.xml
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2014-2015\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.1\cod\1.DemoValidationCustomer\UnitTestProjectCustomer\obj\Debug\UnitTestProjectCustomer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2014-2015\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.1\cod\1.DemoValidationCustomer\UnitTestProjectCustomer\obj\Debug\UnitTestProjectCustomer.dll
d:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2014-2015\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.1\cod\1.DemoValidationCustomer\UnitTestProjectCustomer\obj\Debug\UnitTestProjectCustomer.pdb
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2022-2023\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.1\cod\1.DemoValidationCustomer\UnitTestProjectCustomer\bin\Debug\UnitTestProjectCustomer.dll
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2022-2023\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.1\cod\1.DemoValidationCustomer\UnitTestProjectCustomer\bin\Debug\UnitTestProjectCustomer.pdb
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2022-2023\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.1\cod\1.DemoValidationCustomer\UnitTestProjectCustomer\bin\Debug\1.DemoValidationCustomer.exe
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2022-2023\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.1\cod\1.DemoValidationCustomer\UnitTestProjectCustomer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.Common.dll
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2022-2023\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.1\cod\1.DemoValidationCustomer\UnitTestProjectCustomer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.Validation.dll
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2022-2023\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.1\cod\1.DemoValidationCustomer\UnitTestProjectCustomer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.QualityTools.UnitTestFramework.dll
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2022-2023\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.1\cod\1.DemoValidationCustomer\UnitTestProjectCustomer\bin\Debug\1.DemoValidationCustomer.pdb
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2022-2023\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.1\cod\1.DemoValidationCustomer\UnitTestProjectCustomer\bin\Debug\1.DemoValidationCustomer.exe.config
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2022-2023\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.1\cod\1.DemoValidationCustomer\UnitTestProjectCustomer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.Common.xml
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2022-2023\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.1\cod\1.DemoValidationCustomer\UnitTestProjectCustomer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.Validation.xml
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2022-2023\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.1\cod\1.DemoValidationCustomer\UnitTestProjectCustomer\obj\Debug\UnitTestProjectCustomer.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2022-2023\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.1\cod\1.DemoValidationCustomer\UnitTestProjectCustomer\obj\Debug\UnitTestProjectCustomer.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2022-2023\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.1\cod\1.DemoValidationCustomer\UnitTestProjectCustomer\obj\Debug\UnitTestProjectCustomer.csproj.CopyComplete
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2022-2023\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.1\cod\1.DemoValidationCustomer\UnitTestProjectCustomer\obj\Debug\UnitTestProjectCustomer.dll
D:\work\school\cursuri\ASSE\2022-2023\Laborator\Laborator 4\4.1\cod\1.DemoValidationCustomer\UnitTestProjectCustomer\obj\Debug\UnitTestProjectCustomer.pdb
